various sized boxes to try to pick so
anyway regardless you're picking it
upside down so the pins are all facing
this way and you're pushing down and
some people might say why don't you just
turn it upside down I don't know for
those of you who think you may ever want
to open a lock in real life as a
locksmith or you know say you lock
yourself out or something you lose a key
more than likely it's gonna be hanging
right-side up so why not just get used
to picking it right-side up so notice
there's a pretty fair range throughout
which I can apply attention here there's
a lot of movement there and you'll find
that you don't have to be all the way at
the farthest end of that range of motion
to be applying tension also I think
there are some security pins in this not
positive about that and the back pin on
this is a little tough to reach see
yeah reasonably sure there's a few
spools or something because I do seem to
occasionally get some false set as on
this front pin here okay so there she
goes
now I was looking at the lock and not
the camera so I don't know if that
mm-hmm how that came out
but the thing I wanted to say and
hopefully you saw it as I was opening up
the lock is that you don't have to again
don't have to apply the full range of
tension as long as you have some tension
on it it can have some room to wriggle
yet before because as I said once the
key engages the shackle it can be quite
hard to move I mean by quite hard
obviously that it's a relative
expression and that requires several
pounds of force but more so than it
would be just to put enough tension on
this so let's see there's another spool
and my brother just walked in the door
so he is probably gonna interrupt the
videos I'm just trying to pick it one
more time real quick before he walks in
that's him in the background if he could
hear it
here we go one last time so again you'll
notice before it engage that I turned it
quite a ways before it engage that okay
so that's all you have to do